Additional clarification for setting up a validator/full node (#237)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/mainnet_validator.md

  ::: tip You will be required to insert the following:
  - `--from`: The `cro...` address or the key name that holds your funds for initial delegation;
  - `--amount`: The amount of self-delegation provided to the validator as an initial staking;

>   - `--pubkey`: The validator public key. Can be found using `./chain-maind status`.;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `--pubkey`: The validator public key. Can be found using `./chain-maind tendermint show-validator`.;
```
